## Overview
This file contains an overview of the result directory outputted by the GailBot 
transcription and analysis process.

Developed at: Human Interaction Lab at Tufts

## meta.json
The "meta.json" file contains the metadata for the transcription and analysis 
results: the settings profile used to generate the transcription, the date of 
transcription, the source files, and the plugin analysis results.

## Raw
The "raw" folder contains two sub-folders: "Media" and "Transcript". The 
"Media" folder contains the original source files used for the transcription. 
The "Transcript" folder contains the raw transcript of the source files, 
generated by the applied speech-to-text engine.

## Analysis
The "Analysis" folder contains the result of the analysis by the applied plugin 
suites. Each applied plugin suite is responsible for creating the format.md 
file in the analysis folder with more detailed information about the files 
generated by that plugin suite. If one or more plugin suite has been applied 
to this transcription, please see the format.md file in the "Analysis" folder 
for more details.

## Format

## Analysis/HiLabSuite Folder
This 'Analysis' subfolder contains 5 output files pertaining to the given suite:

## conversation.csv
The csv output for the given conversation, with added markers for syllable rate,
pauses, overlaps, and gaps.

## conversation.talkbank.xml
The xml output for the given conversation. This is the file that is used to
create the conversation.cha chatter file.

## conversation.talkbank.xml
The txt output for the given conversation. Contains information that includes
the length of pauses and gaps as well as the IDs of overlaps.

## merged.wav
Contains the merged audio file, combined from any separate files that were
analyzed together as a part of a folder.

## words.csv
Contains a list of individual utterances and markers, including their speaker,
start times, end times, and their content.